what is project about like which application on hosting on aws how the application are design
why you launching ec2 ?
what applicati on hosted on ec2 if u r using that ?
are deploying on ec2 and ru just managing the server ?
and if u rmanaging ec2 servers how many server ?
what are the typs of ec2 servers if have use ? 
what are the ec2 using diffrent evironments and what type of ec2 are u using ?
t2-large how many cpu ?
when do you create environment ?
how many servers are using in u r organization ?
how instance are using in each environment ?
what is u r applicati on hosting on u r evironments ?
what are the diffrents b/w spot instance and reserved instance in aws ?
wich type of instance u r using like spot , reserved  and some more in production evironments ?
what is plane for those ?
 what is diiff b/w iam roles and iam grou ?
what is diff b/w nat-gw and nat-instance ?
so i wnt pass the parameterized how i will do that ?
#a  inside the general section we can pass the parameterized  
        and all so give the inputs for parameter like allphanumari both 
what ci cd ?
i want integrate maven build with java lang and what configaration i need to do in jenkins ?
even as my build number ?
any scripting like linux and shell script ?
what is diff b/w kill -9 and kill -3 ?
what dose kill -9 ?
i wnat taken that thread domp or hit how i was running perticular server  ?
how i can identified thred on perticular server ? and i can tacke that ?
what is diff b/w git fech and git pull ?
i want to rewart one commit from my git repositary to u know how its ?
what dose git commit ?
what is ingress in k8s ?
 what is replication controller ?
what is replica set ?
what does ETCD in kubernets ?
i want tacke backup etcd data how its ?
docker ps what dose this commands ?
what is uses of docker save and docker loads ?
when u do docker run inside what will be happens that commands ?
what is copy and write on docker ?
i want to deany some rules in sg and all so not allow i want to deny rules 
 i want to rescrect to enduser 80 443 what i can do in sg ?
what is region , az and edge location ?
what is use of nacl networck ?
if u have sg in sg what is use of nacl ?
why we need sg ?
what is elasticip ?
what is limit of limits eip in aws ?
how do u manage the ips in u r environments like all servser ips how do u maintain ?
what are types of loadbalancer ?
ect/passwrd ? 
what is the back end in terraform ?
what is worck space in terraform ?
what is the diff b/w plan apply ?
what is ARM templates ?
what is the architecture and over view of applicati servers , hosted of applications ?
what is scope of bussiness ? 
what is cost assosiated the those applicatins ?
