1.what are the primare skills and what are the hadson with what are technologies r u using ?
2.what information u have about this company and what is the role what u apply for the role 
  basically my team is resposibilyty for end to end life cycle management of application infrascture
using terraform we are moving on two this infrasctureand provisioning on configaration and monitoring and trubleshooting
of  application as well and application deployements 
  and all so its not pure devops role it has got litilbit product all so  we are part of the product ot product organizastion
curntly we have custmors in aws cloud and then we are getting custmors in azure cloud
3.tell me more about terraform ?
4.in the automation side u write any scripts ?
5.any other scripting you know ?
6.why we write shellscript and what is doing once u write the code ?
7.what is the purpose the shellscript ?
8.what dose shellscript do ?
9.how do u do this kubernets
10.i need to create virtual mechins tomcat and java install and i want using throu k8s flatform ?
11.In k8s what are the softwares installing ?
12.what kind application running on kubernets containers ?
 is it web-servers or client-server ?
13.in the machiens installing  tomcat what type applications are ruuning ?
14.how access the apllicatins ?
15.wich services are managing the pods in aws ?
16.are loging aws console ?
17.what type of user do you login and what type of access u have ?
  is it like addmin access or any other
18.s3 region or global and why ?
19.how it is maintain s3 global access how dose ?
20.you have access two a/c A and B now in this a/c two appl are ruunin g app1 and app2
    app1 needs sends data app2 how it throu s3 waht u dose ?
21.both places u r in addmin what u do ?
22. how to u give access to the other a/c app2 ?
23.what kind permissions and where u can pass ?
    can we do throu IAM also when creating s3 life cycle at that time we enable 
policy add TRUST RELATIONSHIP for other accounts 
24.what is the disaster recocer ?
25.what is the plane to recover from that and ho wto application?
26.its mnanual proses and automation process ?
27.with in the aws how can u do ?
28.what about clodwatch ?
29.how we can tacke triggering event in clodwatch  ?
    we need to do write script jenkins in side the labda functions and then trigger the 
labda throu events which as the crone it should do the job for you
30.in tipical day what u do in diffrent types of jobs end to end ?
31.who are the teams interact with you ?
32.whos give approval for that deployement ?
33.tell me deploye steps ?
34.are using any aws services deploye purpose ?
35.do you create vpc ?
36. how to map ip range ?
37.what is diff bt/ elb and alb ?
38.what is use case of alb and nlb ?
39.why nlb faster ?
40.wher nlb sending traffic ?
50.give me one example of trubleshooting on aws ?
51.what logs checking ?
52.os logs or system logs ?
53.in u r application who tacking high avilability ?
54.what are the custom tools developed in bash ?










